my gluten-free toasted seed bread that's
incredibly simple to make and yet it
tastes completely delicious in this I'm
going to use some seeds and I've toasted
them in a dry frying pan over a medium
heat for about three minutes or so and
I've got a combination of pumpkin seeds
sesame seeds and sunflower seeds when
they're toasted they add a wonderful
taste to the bread I'm going to start
with my flour mixture and here I've got
a gluten-free white flour blend that's a
bread one I'm going to add to this some
salt and then I've got some yeast and
I'm going to mix these in really well in
this bread flour mix there's already
xanthan gum but if the bread flour mix
that you're using doesn't contain
xanthan gum then I think it's a good
idea to add some I'm going to add water
and I'm going to add more water than
normal you want to get a consistency
whereby it literally just drops off your
whisk so see here it's just literally
falling off and that's the right
consistency for this bread there's no
gluten in here so there's no need to do
any kneading and all I'm going to do is
whisk whisk vigorously for about a
minute or so then I'm going to add the
seeds
and I'm going to whisk those in and then
simple I'm going to pour this into a
loaf tin then I'm going to smooth this
out and then the final trick which again
might seem slightly strange but bear
with me it works is I'm going to do a
spoon dipped in cold water and then just
run that along so effectively you get
like a film of water over the top and
this helps give you a really nice crust
finally I'm going to sprinkle some more
seeds over the top
and into the oven for about an hour and
there you have it my gluten-free bread
with toasted seeds with a lovely crunchy
crust that you don't need to need you
don't have to leave to proof and it
tastes absolutely delicious
you